Ye Xuan
I curse you in the name of Nuwa
Forever
immortal
Injuries don't invade your body
Time doesn't invade you
All right.
Now I'm going to send you back to Anxi's place
Enter reincarnation
Sister, have you ever considered
Maybe even if grandpa died
I will also keep my promise to you.
Send you back to your original world
Sir?
Did I change my fair life?
Time and space actually admitted
That would be wonderful.
Then can I rest?
Sir, stack me three more beads.
Your fault is as high as yours
This is the next one.
I protest that I want to combine work and rest
I want a weekend off.
Where do I need you?
What you learn from Bai Xi is not allowed to learn from him
He's a loser
Isn't that Mr.? I hate Mr. the most
hum
Wow, hey!